---
title: Not yet.
comments: true
layout: post
categories:
- home
---

When I was young, I heard a lot about things I couldn't do. I can't study well when I hang out like that. You can't play with your neighbors girls! I can't become this and that grandpa if I keep studying like this. At that time I was young and I thought: Yeah! Everyone said it was true, right! Growing up a bit to middle school, people kept talking about the impossible. You can't pass a major if you only study one subject, Mr. Tung !. Guys can't cry like women! I can't play soccer anymore! Now I'm a little older in thinking, some things I stopped but there are also some things I keep doing. When I reached level 3, I couldn't hear it more and more. You bastards like you, no matter how hard you try, we won't be able to! High-class love can't bring you a mother! You cannot succeed without passing college! A little careless of the age of 16 and I was drunk to fuck all those impossible words! Until now there are still many things that cannot surround me. You can't be a good person if you do journalism! I can't make a good movie with my mess, Tung! I ... can't write anymore. If I were 2 years ago, I would put my middle finger again on those words. But ... you know ... There are many people in your life who talk about the impossible, but there are many others who talk about things you can do! And ... I want to thank everyone who said these things to me. Actually now I think, regardless of what is or may not be, those words are the light for me to know the way I need to go. There have been so many impossible in the old days that have become possible today. And if you were to ask about the impossible in the future, I'll call it ... NOT YET.


Based on "Not yet." by Tài
